Align ALB product docs with the alb module (Gateway API, user guides, overview). (#21797)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/network/ingress/alb/ALB_GATEWAY_API.md

The `alb` module implements an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and allows you to publish applications through Kubernetes Gateway API. It deploys and configures the infrastructure for receiving and routing external requests, and also verifies the user configuration of the Gateway API.

The module is built on the Kubernetes Gateway API — the modern standard for managing inbound traffic that succeeds the Ingress API. It provides:

- a single declarative API for HTTP/HTTPS, gRPC, TCP, UDP, and TLS passthrough;

> - a separation of responsibilities between the cluster administrator (ClusterALBInstance/ALBInstance), the namespace administrator (ListenerSet), and the application team (routes);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a separation of responsibilities between the cluster administrator (ClusterALBInstance), the namespace administrator (ALBInstance/ListenerSet), and the application team (routes);
```

- Each Gateway object is served by at least one Envoy Proxy instance.
- Traffic reaches it through a Service object of type `LoadBalancer` or directly by using `HostPort` parameters.
- Each Gateway object creates two default listeners: `d8-http` (port `80`) and `d8-https` (port `443`). They are intended for service tasks such as gateway availability checks or cert-manager HTTP-01 challenges. They are not recommended for publishing applications; use ListenerSet for that purpose instead.

> - Several ClusterALBInstance or ALBInstance objects may point to the same Gateway object through the `gatewayName` field. In that case, they describe one shared gateway, but the request handling infrastructure may differ depending on settings. You can think of `gatewayName` as an analogue of `ingressClass` for [IngressNginxController](/modules/ingress-nginx/cr.html#ingressnginxcontroller) objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Several ClusterALBInstance or ALBInstance objects may point to the same Gateway object through the `gatewayName` field. In that case, they describe one shared gateway, but the request handling infrastructure may differ depending on settings. You can think of `gatewayName` as analogous to `ingressClass` for [IngressNginxController](/modules/ingress-nginx/cr.html#ingressnginxcontroller) objects: it determines which route information is included in the configuration of a particular ALB instance.
```

> - Several ClusterALBInstance or ALBInstance objects may point to the same Gateway object through the `gatewayName` field. In that case, they describe one shared gateway, but the request handling infrastructure may differ depending on settings. You can think of `gatewayName` as analogous to `ingressClass` for [IngressNginxController](/modules/ingress-nginx/cr.html#ingressnginxcontroller) objects: it determines which route information is included in the configuration of a particular ALB instance.

Author: ```suggestion
- Several ClusterALBInstance or ALBInstance objects may point to the same Gateway object through the `gatewayName` field. In that case, they describe one shared gateway, but the request handling infrastructure may differ depending on settings. You can think of `gatewayName` as an analog of `ingressClass` for [IngressNginxController](/modules/ingress-nginx/cr.html#ingressnginxcontroller) objects: it determines which route information is included in the configuration of a particular ALB instance.
```

Author: One edit of "analog")
